---
title: lesson 6
layout: post
author: tommy.poston
permalink: /lesson-6/
source-id: 1U_ILF3TsGkKXvqypO2ox2OgDCpE7lPMveK57w25vZEA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>fuze box work</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to almost be ready for work with the electronic components</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> sort of. I should be on the electronic components in the next two lessons.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>we had one person reading from the manual, one person typing and one person checking what they were doing and observing what they were doing and how effective it was. I think we worked very efficiently and the change in system was worth it. Normally working in a three means that one person is doing nothing, but all of us could help at one time, and we rotated the positions to make sure it was fair for everyone and that there were no complaints.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>maybe learning was hindered by the fact that I am not a quick typer and I make lots of errors, which has a negative impact on my group. I also sometimes lose focus which also dosn't help, so i need to work on that</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to not read out of the book, so i can enhance my learning and so i will get better, i will go on my own so i can work on my typing(you might see some errors in this blog) but hopefully in the long run i will get better.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


